before Olga Enter survivors and
a little later people from
Olga's family asked me about Marta risk
so that I could investigate or if I knew
anything about whether she was
suspicious but those people very very close to
Olga told me but Marina do you know anything about this
This is true it's that we don't
believe it it's that no no no lack of knowledge
right they can't see it
no as a result of a certain moment no no no the
relationship with Antonio but not only it
's more people from that nucleus more people
I'm sure that yesterday Marta told me that
Olga knew that the marriage was broken
Or rather they were only as
companions